	Interview Questions and their best answer versions


value proposition 
1.what do you have to offer ?
		job relocation easiness
		no family issue
		healthy person
		easily adaptable 
2.where do your see yourself in 5 years  ? 
ANS.	too long a time for me as a fresher to think but next 2 years i will be aligning myself with the company goals go through the company  lines etc

3.hobbies ?	
ANS.  reading technical blogs , playing cricket, reading fiction books	
be truthful , don't lie 


DO NOT GET OVEREXCITED	

4.what if after 2 years you get an offer from the rival company?
ANS.	i would discuss the offer and my responsibilities  that i am getting in my new offer and i would discuss with my manager for more goals and responsibilities 

5.when would you join?
ANS.	UPON receiving my offer letter i will take 4 to 5 days for tying loose ends (projects and courses)and then i will join afresh


6.favorite subject 
ANS.		Digital design system - teaches the most basic concepts of vlsi design and can help us break down the most complex problem into the smallest parts 

7.will you work at X hour or are you comfortable with working at X time ?
ANS.	Sure sir , i will align myself to  the job descriptions provided 

light blue / sky blue shirt 
black pant 
polished shoes 
fully shaved 
neatly combed hair 
hand to yourself or on the table 
no fidgeting
phone on silent 

8.what if you don't get the job 
ANS. i will keep trying and i have few option lined up and shall be working on the same

only constructive answers no destructive 

be on time 
Look in the eyes when answering 


9.is your resume up to date ?
ANS. yes my resume is up to date 

10.biscuit and tea/coffee offered - No thank you i just had breakfast/lunch , i will take a glass of water 

11.countries - UAE Australia school trip and vacation with family 

12. what can you contribute to the company
ANS. as a fresher i will bring new ideas and perspective to the firm and value add to all the process within my responsibilities 

13.
ANS.